- [Narrator] Lets know take a look as how the property
visibility strategy customization at the runtime will work.
So this is a JSON-B Config object that we have for
runtime customizations, and on that we can actually
feed the property visibility strategy,
but for that we'll have to write down our own class.
So there is a custom class that we want to write
in order to do this demo.
So what we want to do is, in the first initial radials when
we just started off with the demos
we had created a user class.
And there we have seen, that if you have a public field
with private getter setters, do you see them?
And then we said that is is an old combination.
The other combinations is, lets say you have a private field
and you do not have public getter setters,
in that case also these kind of fields will be
skipped during serialization.
Right, we had discussed this at that point when we saw
the properties visibility.
So what we want to do is, we're going to alter this,
we're going to force JSON binding API to pick up
the private fields for serialization no matter what.
So in order to do that, we'll have to write a custom class
so I'm going to go in com.app.custom
and then I'll write a class, lets call it
(typing)
FieldsVisibilityStrategy.
Let me spell that correctly.
Yes, looks okay.
And this will implement
PropertyVisibilityStrategy
that's the interface.
So of course we'll have to implement a couple
of abstract methods, lets go ahead and do that.
And what does that say?
Public boolean is visible.
Public boolean is visible but one is for the method
and one is for the field.
So basically employing the Java reflection mechanism
to find out the current field and the current method, okay.
So what we're going to do here is first lets get rid
of the default implementation so I'm going to remove that.
Okay, and what I'm going to do is I'm going to say
return true, that's all.
Every field whichever field it is that
you are trying to serialize I want it to be visible
this is what I'm forcing, so JSON-B is going
to come ahead and look at this implementation
and says okay I had a strategy that I wanted to respect
public getter setters and then if they were not present
and if the field was private I was going to ignore it,
but now that you're forcing me to do it,
alright I'll consider your private field.
This is what the binding APIs going to tell us okay.
As for the hema dots, yes for that to let it go
and observe all the methods, we don't want any problems.
Oh, the return statement, alright.
Okay, how do we test this? Let's go and make a class first.
Okay we wouldn't be able to test this in a different class
because we have certain private properties right.
Java's private modifier says it will not be accessible
outside the class in which it was declared.
Okay so we can't do this we'll have to go back
to the user class itself and do the rest of the stuff.
So lets go down and if we remember we'll recollect from
our discussion that we already written out the main material
to test out the private field scenario because we
couldn't access them anywhere else okay.
So we are going to do that testing part right here.
So we have the user object ready with us on line 88
and we have a credit card number allocated to it as well,
we have a date of birth as well
and we said Jsonbbuilder.create that gave us the default
JSON-B engine, fair enough, but now that
we've written the fields visibility strategy class
it's a custom class and if I need to apply that
I will need the JSON-B Config object.
Okay, so lets do one thing lets go to the object mapper.
We have already written that object mapper.
And lets come down lets come in this.
And go down and say
Property Visibility Strategy setting.
And what are we going to do? You're going to grab that
config object and say withPropertyVisibilityStrategy
that's the API.
Okay, and this is going to ask you an instance of that
custom class you have written, it expects a reference
of the property visibility strategy API.
So lets instantiate
new Fields Visibility class.
There we go and that's all.
Now lets come back to the user class and please note
that I'm writing the main method in the user class
because of the specific problem that the private modifier
we able will not be accessed outside this class.
Otherwise, so far for all the examples we have written
a completely dedicated test class for it,
but this will be an exception.
Okay, so now we are going to create the instance of JSON-B
on line number 91 I'm going to use the overloaded method
and get that object mapper,
ObjectMapper.getObjectMapper
So you'll be able to get that JSON-B Config object which has
been asked to apply the fields visibility strategy alright.
Okay and now lets go ahead and run this,
lets see what happens.
Ya, do you see the output.
Oh I got the credit card number this time.
The credit card number was not supposed to be in
the credit card number was a public field
with private getter setters and since the getter setters
are private JSON binding had actually skipped,
but now since I've written my own visibility strategy
and I said no, forcibly make sure that this kind of a field
also comes in during the serialization process,
that's why the credit card field is also right there
on the serialized version of that object.
Okay, lets also do one more thing.
Apart from the
credit card field,
which is this,
what we want to do is on line number 22
the date of birth field that we have
we're going to cut out the getter setters for it, okay.
So let's come down, let's come down, way down, way down,
here, line number 73 and 79, lets come in this code.
I don't want the getter setters okay and lets see whether
that date of birth is still going to come in.
But the moment we actually get rid of the getter setters
for that, yes it is going to give me an error here
so I'll have to command out this line and have to assign
the date of birth manually using the property name itself.
So I'll say date of birth, equal to, the same value that we
had given on line 92 I just grab that value and put it here.
Okay, and lets see what happens.
Oh yes do you see, another date of birth also comes
and sits in as the part of the serialized
version of that object.
So this is what happens because I have forcibly written
down the implementation to make sure that all the fields,
no matter how they have been configured in your Java beans,
become visible during the process of serialization.
So that's how you can implement your own
property visibility strategy.